Update DV360 Docs (#6337)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-display-video-360/index.md

Segment will copy all of your existing Personas Display & Video 360 Destination configurations to Display and Video 360 (Actions). Once the migration is completed , you will be notified by email. 

> ~~The sole mandatory action involves **re-authenticating** for each migrated Personans Display & Video 360 Destination. While you may already possess OAuth credentials, it is essential to undergo reauthentication. This step is necessary to seamlessly integrate new audiences or implement updates to existing ones.~~

Reviewer: Rather than leaving this text with a strikethrough, I think it makes more sense to remove it here!

```suggestion
```

> As of 04/02/2024 authentication is not required anymore. We'll be using Segment DMP's credentials to authenticate on your behalf. For that reason, you should add Segment as a “External Data Partner”  in DV360. This can be found under Advertiser Settings → Linked Accounts and then look for “Segment DMP” and add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 2, 2024, Segment no longer requires you to re-authenticate for existing Personas Display & Video 360 destinations. Segment, as an External Data Partner, now uses a set of Segment DMP credentials to authenticate on your behalf.  To add Segment as an External Data Partner, open Advertiser Settings, navigate to Linked Accounts, and then enable “Segment DMP”. 
```
